feat(docs): document classic vs NHCB query result expectations (#13689)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/send/native-histograms/_custom_buckets.md

- NHCBs depends on experimental Prometheus Remote-Write 2.0.
- There's some overhead to the scrape process. This depends on the scrape protocol and the ratio of classic histograms to other kind of metrics.

## Query result equivalence

> NHCBs contain the same information as classic histograms, however that doesn't mean that all queries return exactly the same result. Here are some edge cases when query results may be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NHCBs contain the same information as classic histograms. However, this doesn't mean that all queries return exactly the same result. Here are some edge cases when query results may be different:
```

> - Classic histograms are stored in independent series which might be lost or delayed independently from each other, whereas NHCBs are stored in a single series. This means that a classic histogram might be inconsistent compared to an NHCB and query results will be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Classic histograms are stored in independent series which might be lost or delayed independently from each other, whereas NHCBs are stored in a single series. This means that a classic histogram might be inconsistent compared to an NHCB and query results might differ.
```
